feat: add `ddev cd` command, fixes #6639 (#6644)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/usage/commands.md

ddev cake
```

## `cd`

> Uses shell built-in `cd` to change to a project directory.
> 
> ```shell
> # Goes to the project-name directory
> # Works only if you applied the instructions from this command
> ddev cd project-name
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses shell built-in `cd` to change to a project directory. For example, `ddev cd some-project` will change directories to the project root of the project named `some-project`. 

Note that this command can't work until you make a small addition to your `.bashrc`, `.zshrc`, or `config.fish`. To see the explanation of what you need to do:

`ddev cd show-me-how`
```

Author: I updated `ddev cd show-me-how` part - because it showed this error:

```
$ ddev cd show-me-how
Failed to find path for project: could not find a project named 'show-me-how'. Run 'ddev list' to see currently active projects
```

The real name of the project should be provided here to show the help.

ddev cake
```

## `cd`

Uses shell built-in `cd` to change to a project directory.

```shell
# Shows help to make `ddev cd` work in your shell
ddev cd
# Returns the path to the project-name
command ddev cd project-name
# Goes to the project-name directory

> # Works only if you applied the instructions from `ddev cd`

Reviewer: I didn't apply them... (bash)
